# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --python-version=3.11 requirements.in ../pyproject.toml
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.0.4
    # via libertem
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
bqplot==0.12.43
    # via
    #   bqplot-image-gl
    #   libertem
bqplot-image-gl==1.4.11
    # via libertem
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   libertem
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   libertem
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask==2024.2.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   libertem
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   libertem
    #   nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via opentelemetry-api
distributed==2024.2.1
    # via libertem
empyre==0.3.2
    # via libertem
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via dask
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.10.0
    # via
    #   libertem
    #   ncempy
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imageio==2.34.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   opentelemetry-api
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipympl==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.22.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-ui-poll
    #   libertem
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via ipympl
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bqplot
    #   bqplot-image-gl
    #   ipympl
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.17
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   libertem
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-ui-poll==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab==4.1.2
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
libertem[bqplot]==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   empyre
    #   ipympl
    #   libertem
    #   ncempy
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via distributed
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   libertem
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   libertem
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
ncempy==1.11.0
    # via libertem
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via scikit-image
notebook==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.59.0
    # via
    #   libertem
    #   sparse
numexpr==2.9.0
    # via libertem
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bqplot
    #   contourpy
    #   empyre
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   libertem
    #   matplotlib
    #   ncempy
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pyqtgraph
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sparse
    #   sparseconverter
    #   tifffile
opentelemetry-api==1.23.0
    # via libertem
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   scikit-image
pandas==2.2.1
    # via bqplot
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.1
    # via dask
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   empyre
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   libertem
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   libertem
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyopengl==3.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pyqtgraph==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   empyre
    #   libertem
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via libertem
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   empyre
    #   libertem
    #   ncempy
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sparse
    #   sparseconverter
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sparse==0.15.1
    # via
    #   libertem
    #   sparseconverter
sparseconverter==0.3.4
    # via libertem
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tblib==3.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   libertem
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via
    #   libertem
    #   scikit-learn
tifffile==2024.2.12
    # via scikit-image
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via libertem
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   libertem
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   empyre
    #   libertem
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via bqplot
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   libertem
    #   sparseconverter
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
